Damn you dare to hit me
How dare you hurt my sister?
I not only dare to hit you
I will even hum your life
You boy, think carefully
Lao Tzu is Zhao Tianlong of the Street Fighter Club
Brother Long's subordinates
You can't afford to mess with it.
Zhao Tianlong
It's the trash who posed as Zhan Shuai yesterday.
Hmph, he's our boss's son
You hit him?
And stole his woman
You will die miserably
Why don't you come with me?
I'll kill your sister first with one phone call
Still threatening me
Boy, you really don't want to live anymore
Here we go.
Hurry up and call and chop up his sister for me
court death
Fight
Aren't you threatening me?
waste
Say it well, no more, no more
I don't do it
You took me to your Street Fighter Club Fossil Man
Hey, okay, okay, okay.
Do you want to come?